0:
Hi
WASD to move
Mouse to look around
Go over the wall to continue

1:
space to jump

2:
hold shift to sprint
you'll need to in order to make larger jumps

3:
You can climb up the sides of certain objects
Ladders are bright yellow
and you can climb up the sides of standard platforms 

4:
excellent. go down there now

5: 
this is a gust marble.
if you have one, you can left click to use it
while standing on the ground, it will boost you into the air
you'll go much higher if you're running when you use it

6:
ah, my old home
You'll need to use that glider to check on the towers

7:
to fly, jump off a ledge and press right click when the crosshair changes
when flying, you can gather more speed by aiming down and slow down by aiming up
if you're moving slowly, try aiming down to get speed back
give it a try! see if you can fly to that platform over the wall

8:
if you use a gust marble while you're flying it'll give you a big burst of speed
try it now to get to the higher platform

9: 
these platforms will stun you if you stand on them when they're charged.
use them to advance

10:
these orange platforms move back and forth

11:
light green platforms are bouncy and you can jump down on them. 
give it a try now!

12:
dark green platforms like this will bounce you as well, but only when you ask them to
You'll bounce higher if you're already moving when you activate them

13:
these red platforms will decay once you step on them
make sure you don't spend too long on them!

14:
pink platforms like this exist in this world only for brief moments. 
you need to be careful with your timing to make use of them

15:
these purple platforms can be linked up and used to traverse great distances instantly

16:
when using gust marbles in flight, you can get a lot more out of them if you are already moving quickly.
try gliding down a little bit to build speed before using the marble and gliding up to the next platform.

17: 
well done, you've completed the tutorial!
The towers are located on that hill in the middle of the valley. Make your way over there and seal the prisons.
